---
layout: post
author: Bl2Wiki
---
Patch 1.1.0 was released on 10/9/2012 for PC.

## Patch 1.1.0

Fixed some cases where the Logitech G19 screen would show incorrect information for the friends list.
Fixed players losing ammo when reloading a savegame with max ammo and a stockpile relic equipped.
Fixed the vendor UI sometimes showing a count of 1 less item in the player's backpack than is actually there.
Fixed the favorite/trash icons in the inventory sometimes disappearing when scrolling the inventory list.
Fixed players getting stuck in a white box when two people try to travel at once and one is in a vehicle.
Fixed co-op players sometimes spawning at different places after a level transition.
Fixed the "has abandoned your struggle!" message sometimes appearing with no player name.
Fixed mini-map fog-of-war sometimes not uncovering correctly when first loading a saved game as a client.
Fixed a rare crash when trying to select a menu item with the keyboard after playing the game with a gamepad.
Added "(undiscovered)" entries to the challenge log for challenges that the player has not yet found.
Fixed a rare crash in the launcher related to using a gamepad.
Fixed client players sometimes seeing fired bullets fly off in random directions.
Fixed a blocker in the "Do No Harm" quest. This fix prevents the bug and corrects the issue for any character hit by this bug.
Fixed a case where players were sometimes being sent back to the main menu after their online status changed when playing a LAN game.
Fixed a case where shields that reduce the player's health were sometimes not showing how much health they reduce.
The inventory screen will no longer jump to the top of the list when using a customization item.
Fixed a case where clients and servers would sometimes see different fast-travel stations available to them.
Fixed a bug that could cause challenges to re-complete all 5 tiers over and over again.
Fixed players who have lost access to their 3rd or 4th weapon slot erroneously.
Allowed players to trade with each other when at maximum backpack capacity if they're trading the same number of items with each other. 

Patch 1.1.1 was released on 10/11/2012 for PC.

## Patch 1.1.1

Modified profile behavior to prevent possible data loss. 

Patch 1.1.2 was released on 10/172012 for PC.

## Patch 1.1.2

Prevents data instability when launched with unsupported commands. 

Patch 1.1.3 was released 10/25/2012

## Patch 1.1.3

Added a toggle for whether textures should fade or pop in when a higher-resolution version loads. High-end computers can disable this to avoid seeing lower-resolution textures streaming in.
Added the ability to reset all challenge progress for a character once they've completed 85% of all non-DLC, non-area-specific challenge levels. This will keep the player's current challenge bonuses and rank, but reset all challenge progress to 0 and allow challenges to be re-completed for additional ranks and bonuses. Resetting is available on the "challenges" screen of the status menu and will display as a tooltip at the bottom of the screen if the player has met the criteria.
Fixed a bug where profile files set to "read only" were not being saved.
Fixed a performance issue in Captain Scarlett and her Pirate's Booty content with PhysX set to Medium or High. 