---
layout: post
author: Bl2Wiki
---
Patch 1.7.0 was released on November 21, 2013 for the Xbox 360 and November 26, 2013 for PC and PS3.

## Patch 1.7.0

General

    Added support for upcoming downloadable content.
    (Tiny Tina DLC) Addressed an issue with "Dwarven Allies" which would cause a blocker if players picked up the third rune letter prior to completing the "Solve ancient dwarven puzzle" objective.
    (Tiny Tina DLC) Murderlin will now respond if you have accepted but not completed the mission “Roll Insight”
    (Sir Hammerlock DLC) Addressed an issue where damage dealt to Dexiduous, after destroying a crit region, would be too low when the player was lower level than Dexiduous.
    (TK Baha DLC) Addressed an issue that could cause the flying pumpkin head to regenerate health in Hallowed Hollow.
    Summoning Deathtrap with "Sharing is Caring" enabled no longer causes a Turtle shield's health penalties to be applied twice.
    Adjusted drop rates of unique items from Doc Mercy, Mad Dog, Savage Lee and McNally to be more consistent across all modes.
    Added checks to enforce the maximum overpower level and remove invalid gear.
    Addressed a manufacturing error where rare Maliwan SMGs were created with the incorrect body part.
    Addressed a glowing issue with the Gunzerker Skin of Steel skin.
    Further corrected the alignment of holographic sights on pistols.
    Addressed an issue where completed repeatable missions would not show text in the mission acceptance screen.
    Addressed an issue where defendable targets would not have a health bar 