---
layout: post
author: Bl2Wiki
---
Patch v1.5.0 (Released 4/18/13 worldwide on Steam, Xbox 360, and PS3)

## Patch 1.5.0

General

Added support and compatibility for upcoming content, including character customizations unlocked by playing Poker Night 2.
Fixed an issue where bank and stash capacity could be exceeded. This change prevents additional items from being added to stash / bank until capacity is below the maximum -- it does not forcibly remove or delete any items.
Added a preview of available premium customizations when using a customization station so that players can see what a purchased head or skin would look like before buying.
Fixed an exploit where players could become invincible occasionally through the Siren's Res skill.
Fixed an issue that prevented players from choosing a new customization from SHiFT when creating a character immediately after redeeming a customization code.
Players are now able to type a "c" in their player name without causing the "load a character" overlay to appear while starting a New Game. 

Missions

Fixed issues with the following missions that could cause players to get stuck or not be able to complete them:
    Bad Hair Day
    Best Minion Ever 
Fixed a bug that could cause the "Wildlife Preservation" mission boss to sometimes continue fighting after the encounter in Ultimate Vault Hunter Mode.
(Captain Scarlett DLC) Fixed an issue that could cause Scarlett to not drop Scarlett's Greed in the fight with Roscoe. 

Equipment

Fixed a bug that caused the player's grenade count to not be saved properly if they were using a Grenadier class mod.
Fixed a bug causing Seraph items of the day to incorrectly be capped at level 55.
Rebalanced the Gunzerker's Titan class mod to be more in line other Gunzerker class mods.
Fixed an issue where the Evolution shield could incorrectly list a Recharge Delay of 0.00 seconds.
Fixed audio from Impact shields not playing when connected to another player.
Fixed an issue causing audio distortion in some cases when a transfusion projectile got stuck inside an object. 


### Additional updates
June 18, 2013

General

Added support and compatibility for upcoming add-on content. 

June 27, 2013

General

Fixed an issue that caused the game to crash after the player had more than 240 missions in their mission log.
Added the ability to preview and purchase add-on characters from the 'New Game' character selection screen and when joining another player's game and choosing your character.
Added un-purchased campaign add-ons to the Fast Travel station list to streamline the ability to purchase the new content. These locations appear with an asterisk next to their names. 

Released July 24, 2013

Added PhysX effects to Tiny Tina's Assault on Dragon Keep content. 