---
layout: post
author: ted
---
Patch 1.8.0 was released on February 6, 2014 for Xbox 360 and February 11, 2014 for PC and PS3.

General

    Added an “Expansion” sort option to the mission log, which allows you to sort missions by the DLC that contains them.
    Added a ColorBlind mode (the option can be found in Main Menu > Options > Video).
    Addressed an issue when scrolling through player inventory in vending machines before it finishes loading.
    Addressed an issue where Golden Keys would reset to zero if the user attempted to redeem more than 255.
    Addressed an issue with The Bee shield applying incorrect damage when using explosive weapons.
    Addressed an issue where clients would be unable to pick up some items.
    Addressed an issue where enemies could be healed by rockets if they were near a Siren using Restoration.
    Addressed an issue where Deathmark and Thoughtlock FX would display incorrectly on some enemies.
    Addressed an issue where Zer0’s “Execute” skill will flash on screen when entering Deception without having Execute trained.
    Addressed an issue where Zer0’s Deception HUD would occasionally persist after Deception had ended.
    Addressed an issue where the camera could sometimes become stuck in a third-person view when entering a vehicle.
    Addressed an issue where Gaige failed to emote when summoning DeathTrap.
    Addressed an issue where Gaige’s “One Two Boom” orb could not be exploded by E-Tech weapons.
    Addressed an issue where Raving Retribution projectiles would sometimes cause damage to Krieg. Flame Flare made this issue more likely to occur.
    Addressed an issue where Buzzaxe Rampage would not reset from Release the Beast during fast travel.
    (Bloody Harvest DLC) Addressed an issue where projectiles would pass through Pumpling’s head without causing damage.
    (Bloody Harvest DLC) Addressed an issue which caused Sully the Blacksmith to only throw hammers and not use his other attacks.
    (Mr. Torgue/ Ultimate Vault Hunter Upgrade Pack 2 DLC) Addressed an issue where an overpowered Hoplite shield would drop player health to zero.
    (Ultimate Vault Hunter Upgrade Pack 1 DLC) Addressed an issue where the Butcher shotgun reload would go out of sync for clients.
    (Ultimate Vault Hunter Upgrade Pack 2 DLC) Addressed the opening which allowed players to grenade jump over the walls in Digistruct Peak.
    (Tiny Tina DLC) Addressed a minor texture issue on Salvador’s Dragon Keep skin. 

Permanent Hot Fixes

    Addressed an issue where the Psycho’s Blood Blister class mod modified the Boiling Blood skill, instead of Blood Bath.
    (Mercenary Day DLC) Addressed an issue where Timothy would fail to emote on clients.
    (Tiny Tina DLC) Added Dragon Keep head customizations to Dice chests.
    Made Loot Hunt item changes permanent.
        Increased Explosion Size for Flakker
        Increased Damage and Grenade Explosion Size for Kerblaster
        Increased Explosion Size for Cobra
        Increased Explosion Size for Boom Puppy
        Increased Damage, Explosion Size, and Control for Sky Rocket
        Vladof Rocket Launchers have increased Damage and Faster Reloads
        Dahl SMGs have increased Stability
        Increased number of shots fired for Boneshredder
        Bandit SMGs have increased Magazine Size and Damage
        Increased Number and Damage of Bunny Bombs for Bunny
        Increased Damage and Radius of Secondary Explosions for Logan's Gun
        Increased Explosive Power at Bite for The Teeth of Terramorphous
        Increased Damage and Baby Gun Power for Baby Maker
        Secret Bonus (pseudo Critical Ascensi0n) for Morningstar upgraded
        Increased effectiveness of Twister
        Bandit Assault rifles have increased Clip Size
        Tediore pistols have increased Magazine Size
        Increased Critical Damage for Lady Fist
        Maliwan Rocket Launchers have increased Reload Speed and Status Effect Chance
        Increased Damage and Explosive Radius for Landscaper
        Increased Magazine Size, Damage, and Reduced Self Damage for Gunerang
        Increased Damage for Octo
        Increased Damage and Projectile Radius for Fastball
        Increased Damage and Ricochets for Tidal Wave
        Hyperion pistols have increased Magazine Size and Accuracy Recovery
        Increased Damage for Madhous
        Increased Skill Recharge Time and Damage for Little Evie
        Increased Damage and Accuracy for Veruc
        Increased Damage and Magazine Size for Gub
        Bandit pistols have increased Magazine Size
        Increased Damage and higher Elemental Effect Chance for Longbow
        Increased Accuracy and Critical Hit Bonus for Fremington's Edge
        Increased Damage and Magazine Size for The Emperor
        Bandit shotguns have a Faster Reload and an additional shot in the Magazine
        Increased Explosion Size and an Extra Shot in Burst Fire for the Hornet
        Dahl pistols have increased Stability and larger Magazine 
